---
layout: post
title:  "MCHunt"
category: Projects
---

* TOC
{:toc}

# Overview
In 2012, I started my programming journey. Like most teenagers at the time, I was drawn into games and I wanted to "Make a game" or "Make something for a game". I was heavily into Minecraft at this time and wanted to modify the game. Naive, I dove into learning Java. Yes, Java as a first programming language. Maybe that's why I'm going so grey in my 20s.

# BlockHunt
Teaming up with a friend, I helped develop and test one of the first "Hide and seek" server-side plugins. BlockHunt was born out of the love for the game but also, that was just the "thing" at the time. GMOD, Call of Duty, and other games had similar modes, and we wanted to bring that experience to this particular game.

# Growing Up
As we got older, our focus and interests moved away from this particular project. Life took us in different directions; life gets busy; and the project was eventually abandoned in 2016.

# Nostalgia
The other week, I loaded up my PC and started going through games that I rarely play anymore. In the end, I had the crazy idea to just "re-create" BlockHunt. It was a popular plugin at the time (200k downloads) and whilst it won't be popular now, I think it would be a fun project to work on and see how fast I can re-create that project vs how it was done over 10 years ago. Thus MCHunt was born.

The aim is to keep to BlockHunt's roots: open-source, free and built using Java.

# Conclusion
As expected, the project has been rebuilt in the space of a few weeks and with much more modern practices and tools. I won't work on this project much - I'm getting old now and I have nor the time (Or reaction time) to really play video games. But I'll keep this ticking along. Sometimes, it's nice to go back to simpler times.

# Resources
* [GitHub](https://github.com/rexchoppers/MCHunt)